---
title: What's Carding?
date: 2025-07-23 11:44:00 -0400
author: j4ckris
categories: [Hacking]
tags: [info]
description: >-
  These notes were made just for educational purposes only. I do not exhort
  anybody to recreate this type of illegal activities. This is just to learn a
  little bit more about credit card fraud.
---

# Carding

### What are credit card dumps?

Credit card dumps are collections of stolen card data that include cardholder name, card number, expiration date, and CVV/CVC codes.

This information is obtained through a variety of methods, including:

* phishing scams
* skimming devices
* hacking into online accounts

Once obtained, the data is organized into a dump, usually sorted by card type, country of origin, or bank.

### Types of credit card dumps

There are two types of credit card dumps: **magnetic stripe dumps** and **chip dumps.**

Magnetic stripe dumps contain data from the magnetic stripe on the back of the card, while chip dumps contain data from the card's EMV chip. Magnetic stripe dumps are the most common type of dump, and they are sold for a lower price than chip dumps. However, chip dumps are more valuable because they contain more information, including the card's PIN.

### Risks associated with using credit card dumps

Using credit card dumps is illegal and carries significant risks. Those caught buying or selling dumps can face criminal charges and prison time. Additionally, using the dumps to create fraudulent credit or debit cards can result in financial losses for both the victim and the card issuer. Finally, those purchasing dumps run the risk of being scammed by sellers who sell fake or low-quality dumps.

### How to Obtain Credit Card Dumps?

Carding is a process of obtaining credit card information and using it to make unauthorized transactions. To carry out this process, carders use credit card dumps which are obtained through various means.

Credit card dumps contain [information such as the credit card](https://fastercapital.com/content/Data-security--Safeguarding-Your-Information-with-Credit-Card-Encryption.html) number, expiration date, and cardholder's name that can be used to make purchases online or in-person. Obtaining credit card dumps can be a complex process, but it is essential for carders to have access to this information to carry out their illegal activities.

There are several ways to obtain credit card dumps, and each method has its own level of risk and difficulty. In this section, we will explore some of the most popular methods used by carders to obtain credit card dumps.

1. **Skimming**: Skimming is the process of capturing credit card information using a device known as a skimmer. A skimmer is a small electronic device that is placed on a payment terminal, such as an ATM or gas pump. When a customer swipes their credit card, the skimmer captures the information and stores it for later use. Skimming has become a popular method for obtaining credit card dumps because it is relatively easy to carry out and can be done quickly.
2. **Hacking**: Hacking is another popular method used by carders to obtain credit card dumps. Carders use a variety of techniques to hack into databases containing credit card information. Some carders use [brute force attacks](https://fastercapital.com/content/Brute-force-attack--Cracking-the-Vault--The-Power-of-Brute-force-Attacks.html) to crack passwords, while others use phishing scams to trick people into revealing their credit card information. Hacking is a more complex method than skimming, and it requires a higher level of technical expertise.
3. **Buying**: One of the easiest ways to obtain credit card dumps is to buy them from other carders. There are several online marketplaces where carders can [buy and sell credit](https://fastercapital.com/content/Credit-Trading--How-to-Buy-and-Sell-Credit-Instruments-and-Derivatives-in-the-Secondary-Market.html) card dumps. The price of credit card dumps varies depending on the type of card and the amount of information included. For example, dumps containing information from high-limit credit cards are more expensive than dumps containing information from low-limit cards.
4. **Social Engineering**: Social engineering is the process of manipulating people into revealing sensitive information. Carders use social engineering techniques to trick people into revealing their credit card information. For example, a carder might call a customer and pretend to be a representative from their bank. They may ask the customer to confirm their credit card information, claiming it is for security purposes. Social engineering requires a high level of skill and is often used in combination with other methods.

Obtaining credit card dumps is a critical aspect of carding. Carders use a variety of methods, including skimming, hacking, buying, and social engineering, to obtain credit card information. Each method has its own level of risk and difficulty, and carders must choose the method that best suits their needs.

### **It is important to note that carding is illegal and can result in severe consequences, including fines and imprisonment!!!**
